I lived in Las Vegas from age 9 18 I had
a few jobs I worked at coastal seafood
cleanin up fish
I sold Reeboks at Miller's outpost I
delivered Figaro's pizza and I thought
it might be fun to have one more job
here so you know the best stuff in Vegas
happens in the middle of the night so I
decided to take a part-time job working
the late shift as a driver now before
you see this know that I have a terrible
sense of direction I never know where
I'm going a lot of those pizzas I
delivered were cold when they showed up
but that didn't stop me from picking up
a shift with lyft I got a customer yes
is Ashley Ashley's let the Travelodge so
let's see no I think I'm gonna have to
make a left where could that be I got to
go straight now it's it's telling me I'm
not gonna be able to go straight this is
bad guys I'm gonna have to jump over
here and make a left
yeah it's telling me to make the next
left and then there's a little man
figure standing there but but it's also
confusing now it's me to go back
I hope they saw this sign that says
expect delays well you were warned the
worst lyft driver hi Ashley how you
doing good
we have been watching you the whole time
oh trying to find that yeah is it my
first day and this is my first ride that
I've ever given I was like why is he
turning if you would have just went
straight and mayor we was a little upset
my dear all right brings you to Vegas
well I picked up a side job here just
for fun
yeah just for fun you want to see the
town a little bit sure yeah we're going
in the exact opposite direction of the
Luxor so we're gonna go wherever you oh
I see okay we're not heading towards the
Luxor right I'll show you the Las Vegas
that people really don't get to see
perfect okay well we have to go off the
strip for that let's do it all right
let's do it
so we're headed off the strip now
passing Caesars Palace so I used to bowl
here at the Gold Coast we used to go
bowling there would you guys like
something I have
kinds of snacks I've waters have gum and
also I don't know if you're hungry but I
have shrimp this beautiful area is very
close to where I I was raised did you
steal from the Burger King at some point
no never really stole anything we'll see
my bandleader CLE doe every time we went
out he would we would stop in an adult
bookstore and he would steal something
adult books yes and he would steal like
giant sex toy and somehow he'd get it
into his pants and then he smuggled it
out and even we didn't know he had it no
he went ended up on television oh this
Walgreens was where I worked though it
was a Miller's outpost clothing store I
went to church down that way he probably
don't want to see that my friend Tommy
perello lived down the block here my
friend Jimmy van gonna tear this is
gonna be so uninteresting to everyone
but me there's so many foot spas now in
my neighborhood oh right
this is trying to tell this is Chinatown
now this is China don't know you guys
didn't know I was Chinese hey Jack yeah
this is my junior high school to the
left yeah right here this is Teddy
it's kind of like a prison I was in the
in the band here and what did you play
oh I played the clarinet drove the women
crazy you guys just follow me I'm on a
roll now and there's no stopping it I
got in a fight with a kid named Hugo
right here at this intersection
he had no neck and I pointed that out
and he beat the crap up this is my house
right here to grow up right there yeah
what time is it right now 1:30 a.m. well
they're probably up let's ring the bell
and see what happens there is somebody
here how's it going
I'm Jimmy Kimmel nice to meet you I grew
up in this house is there any way we
could go in the house place is a mess
[Music]
boy it seems it seems smaller you know
our TV was over here and the couch was
over here and I used to stand up there
that was my room right there under the
stories probably too dirty for
television but I went to the video time
and I rented a porno and I was very
excited and I put it in the VCR is the
only one that was down here and I put in
and made so much noise like chopped
charl to turn and I just sense something
is off something is wrong and I slowly
turn around and I realize my mother is
sleeping right here and I quietly but
zip
do you still have a come on out and see
the pool yeah I spent many hours in this
pool why do you have a car door with
bullet holes in it you're not a mafia
target or anything like that okay
someone crashed through this wall and
died here in our backyard I was in this
bedroom right here I didn't even hear it
I slept through the whole thing did you
know somebody died in your yard
no yeah somebody died in your yard How
well do you know your roommate pretty
well let's go let's go let's go
cuz he's in my room technically it's hey
so you you might want to open the door -
somebody's here you might want to meet
did you know I grew up in this room can
I come in
yeah sure it'sit's much hipper than it
was when I lived in here that's before
this is where I learned to enjoy my
penis right here in that area
whoever sends my spirit in here or
anything like that not until today
thanks for letting my room I wonder
where Donny and Marie live I'd like to
go wake them up they might be fun to me
this has been fun this is been an
athletic guys had fun yeah you know I
feel like like if I take in my kids on
this tour or something like this they
would have had no interest in it
whatsoever but because it was so weird
you guys were interested in it no no way
we were the perfect team you know I
didn't go a direct route but I got you
to your destination and that's what's
most important right we asked for a
local tour and I feel like we were
appropriately given that you have earned
your earned your tip it's nice Oh a tip
that's nice no you owe me three hundred
and eighty five dollars
[Music]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape